feat(docs): Aztec.nr errors in docs (#3113)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs/dev_docs/debugging/aztecnr-errors.md

This can occasionally happen when there are breaking releases. Make sure that your dependencies in `Nargo.toml` are [updated to the latest release](../contracts/resources/dependencies.md).

#### `error: Failed constraint: 'Public state writes only supported in public functions`

Reading and writing to public state from private functions is currently not supported.
This is because public values may change before the private function execution is posted on-chain.

This may change in future versions.

#### `Simulation error: Assertion failed:...`

This is an assertion error that is thrown when a condition is not met.

To address the error. find the line in the contract that is throwing the error and investigate why the condition is not met.

#### `Unknown contract 0x0: add it to PXE by calling server.addContracts(...)`

This error occurs when you are trying to interact with a smart contract via an Private Execution Environment (PXE) that does not have the necessary information to execute a transaction.

To execute a transaction, the PXE needs to know the complete address of a contract, portal address (if portal is used) and contract artifacts.

> To address the error, add the contract to the PXE by calling `server.addContracts(...)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To address the error, add the contract to the PXE by calling [`pxe.addContracts(...)`](../../apis/pxe/interfaces/PXE#addcontracts).
```
